[ Indistinct whispering ]
[ Indistinct chatter ]
MAN: Oh, yeah.
[ Indistinct chatter, laughter ]
WOMAN: Do you know
who your friends are?
What?
It's a game, a friendship game.
You play it with your friends,
your true friends.
What's that supposed to mean?
True friends?
That's what the object
will tell you.
It tests your friendship.
If your friendships don't
survive it, neither do you.
What is that thing?
- A game.
- You sit around it.
You each place
your fingertips on it.
You each tell it the truth.
Your deepest, innermost desire.
If your friendship
survives that, then you know
you will be friends
in all places forever.
[ Typing ]
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
[ Laughter ]
Do a flip, Robbie.
[ Laughs ]
You okay?
Yeah, just the last summer
bummers, I guess.
Best summer.
We'll see.
- Oh, shit!
- What are you doing?!
Wait, wait!
[ Laughter ]
Aah!
[ Indistinct chatter ]
COTTON: Okay, all we have to do
is put our fingertips on it
and each share our deepest,
innermost desire.
Is it bad that my deepest,
innermost desires
is to not do that?
[ Scoffs ]
So it's a game. How do you win?
We win by staying friends.
ZOOZA: So we still got to like
each other after hearing
our innermost desires.
Exactly, so tell the truth,
or it's not going to work.
[ Sighs ]
Come on, guys.
We got countable weeks left
until we scatter bug all over.
Don't you want to know?
- Know what?
- We play this, and we know.
We know we'll be friends
forever, no matter what.
Friends to the end.
From diapers to diapers.
[ Rob chuckles ]
Okay. No dickhead answers.
[ Laughter ]
Tell the truth. What is it?
Your deepest, innermost desire.
All right. Who wants
to go first?
COURTNEY: Not fucking me.
Dot com.
ROB: No my turn either.
Dot info.
[ Laughter ]
COTTON: You guys are ridiculous.
Somebody has to go.
Hey, what about you, Cotton?
You must have thought about it.
No more messing around.
Okay. What about you, Cotton.
You must have thought about it.
Kid days are gone.
We're already getting sucked
into these things
that we're supposed
to do or be...
High school, college,
job, family.
One day, we wake up,
and we're fucking parents.
I just hope that we can
break out of that reality.
I just hope we can
[ Fire crackling ]
[ Indistinct shouting ]
[ Dance music playing ]
Oh, I got a fucking dent.
[ Laughs ]
You're so fucked. I got to go.
Okay.
COTTON: Courtney?
[ Squeals, laughs ]
- Where are Robbie and Z?
- Huh?
- Do you have a lighter?
- Where are they?
I don't know.
Whoa! What the fuck, Cotton?
You're not listening.
Something's happening, okay?
They can't be alone together.
We... we have to find them.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What are you talking abut?
Nothing's happening.
You know what?
I got something for you.
- It's the pills you wanted.
- No.
Just smoke a joint.
Take your perks.
Dance your ass off with me.
Enjoy it. It's a fucking party.
- Here, take 'em.
- No.
- Take 'em, take 'em.
- No, no.
Whoa, why the fuck?!
Cotton!
[ Clattering ]
COTTON: I thought
we were friends.
No, I-I have to find them.
What? Can you...
Can you get a lighter?
[ Dance music playing ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Grunting ]
COTTON: We know we'll be friends
forever, no matter what.
No matter what.
[ Whimpers ]
We win by staying friends...
Friends.
COTTON: Cotton.
[ Sobs ]
COTTON: Have your
friendships survived?
[ Sobbing ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Gasping ]
[ Groans ]
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
Ben called me.
Ben from the day camp.
He said you haven't
been there all week.
Do you not like to go?
What do you do all day then?
Just ride your bike round?
Did you make some friends?
I just want to know
that I'm not going
to get another call
about you getting in trouble.
[ Typing ]
[ Clicking ]
[ Cotton sobbing ]
COTTON: Tell the truth.
What is it?
Your deepest, innermost desire?
What about you, Z?
[ Indistinct shouting,
fire crackling ]
[ Dance music playing ]
He dug her guts all out
looking for the human spark.
- Her guts?
- Into her fucking uterus,
the human spark.
You watched this
with Cotton, didn't you?
Cotton?! Where the fuck is she?
If she's not here
in the next 10 minutes,
I'm drinking her share.
I think you're drinking
her share right now.
ZOOZA: Vodka.
- Court!
- Empty.
No!
No!!
Have some now.
Oh, God, a fucking train wreck.
This is a train wreck.
[ Dance music playing ]
[ Laughs ]
So fucking hot.
You think there's an end to it?
ZOOZA: And end to what?
Space, the universe.
[ Both chuckle ]
It's summer, Robbie. I don't
want to think about that shit.
Here, give me your fingers.
Okay. Hold it.
It's Rob, by the way.
ZOOZA: What?
Yeah. Robbie's the kid's name.
- [ Scoffs ]
- And I am a man,
- a grown up.
- [ Laughs ] Oh, God.
Since when?
- Yeah. There we go.
- All right. All right.
Ah.
No, I mean it.
You believe that shit?
About it all being infinite?
- Sure, Bob.
- [ Laughs ]
Just consider it, Z.
Right, an infinite
universe means
an infinite number of realities.
Infinite you's.
Infinite me's, everyone.
Kind of sounds like a way
to get what you want.
Yeah. Well, what
do you want, Zooza?
I want this summer
to last forever.
Hm.
A month from now,
you'll be in Colorado,
and Cotton will be at State.
ROB: Mm-hmm.
But Court will still be here.
ZOOZA: Well, it's
looking that way.
And Cotton is like an hour away.
[ Laughs ]
You guys are going to
hang out like every weekend.
And I'll join on breaks.
We'll be fine, Z. I promise.
Okay.
Look, in this version
of the universe right now,
we're together.
In all that infinite space
or time or whatever the fuck,
we're all together.
Let's just be glad
we got so lucky.
All of us.
Maybe this is the one, Z.
One what?
Version of reality where
we stay friends?
Forever.
Last time we kissed, we said
we'd never do it again.
There's still some universes
where we haven't.
♪ Bring back, bring back,
bring back ♪
♪ Bring back, bring back, ♪
♪ All I ever wanted was
to feel your touch ♪
♪ Bring back the thunder
that gave us love ♪
♪ Bring back the thunder ♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
♪ All I ever wanted was
to feel your touch ♪
Robbie.
- Did the fuckin' condom break?
- What?
- Robbie, get the fuck off of me.
- What?!
[ Dance music playing ]
[ Sighs ]
Fuck.
[ Creaking ]
[ Gasps ]
COTTON: Have your
friendships survived?
WOMAN: Susan, honey?
ZOOZA: What is it, Mom? I
got to go.
WOMAN: This is Detective Modari.
She'd like to ask you
a few questions.
About your friend Cotton.
I apologize for showing up
like this.
We've interviewed
all Cotton's classmates.
- Including me.
- Well, that's why I'm here
today, to follow up
on a few details.
Everyone said they saw Cotton
at the trash house party.
Several people said
they saw her leave.
She was upset or scared.
That was the last
anyone saw of her.
You were at that party, right?
Yeah. Everyone was.
MODARI: But you didn't see her?
- No.
- You're at the same party,
best friends, and you never
crossed each other?
I was wasted.
What?
I hope you didn't drive.
I didn't.
You had an arrest for
drug possession last year.
How come you didn't
mention that before?
Don't police have a computer?
What does that have to do
with her friend?
Are you taking any drugs now?
Right this moment?
Some, um, pain meds a few years
ago, when my dad left.
Not for long.
It wasn't her fault.
Did anything else happened
between the two of you
before the party?
Something that would have
tested your friendship?
Maybe put you two at odds.
Anything that would have
made her leave.
Some detective came
by asking about her.
You don't know where she is.
Right?
- I would have told you.
- Yeah.
[ Stapler clicking ]
We should probably
spread these out.
If you want people to see them.
Well, it's easier for people
to see them like this.
[ Sighs ] I don't know, Z.
Sometimes I just...
I feel like...
I just feel that she's not just
like missing from this town,
but, like...
from this world.
She wanted to leave for years.
You know that. So she did.
Well, she wouldn't just leave
without telling us.
She was our friend.
Yeah, well, people leave.
They don't come back.
She's not some lost puppy.
Sorry.
I don't know. I...
I just...
I can't believe she did it.
I can't believe that this is
my fucking life right now.
- What?
- Okay, guys,
here comes the bumper fun.
Push both levers forward
to go forward.
Back to go back.
Push one forward, one back
to spin.
And, uh...
And if another car...
[dialogue fading]
[ Muffled dialogue ]
[ Beep ]
[ Whirring ]
WOMAN: Susan.
ZOOZA: Hello?
COTTON: Tell the truth.
What is it?
Your deepest, innermost desire.
What about you, Z?
Who's there?
COTTON: We win
by staying friends.
[ Gasps ]
[ Static crackling ]
COTTON: Have your
friendships survived?
[ Zooza shuddering ]
[ Games beeping ]
ROB: Z, I've been texting
and calling all week.
Can we talk?
Z, Come on. We need to talk.
We really don't.
Yes, we do.
For Cotton. All right?
We need to figure what happened.
Yeah, she left, Robbie.
She went somewhere,
and so will you.
We're still friends.
We can fix this.
Are we? Really?
[ Sighs ]
ROB: No. Hey, look, Z, look.
[ Engine starts ]
[ Muffled talking ]
[ Leaves rustling ]
WOMAN: I'm so sorry, Sue, baby.
What?
Just when we were getting
things back together for you.
Now this.
Cotton's probably riding on
the back of some dude's
motorcycle right now
or something.
Yeah, let's hope so.
As opposed to what?
That she got murdered?
Jesus, Susan.
Well, you're the one
thinking it.
- She's your best friend.
- Yeah, she was.
We were supposed to get out
of this shit hole together.
Language.
I guess I'm just
getting used to it.
People leave.
That's what life is.
WOMAN: Your father leaving
had nothing to do with you.
He was an addict.
It's a disease.
Another person who you love
is suddenly not here.
It's okay to feel something.
Barf.com, Mom.
I know you love Cotton.
You have all
your friends, Zooza.
That's why they love you back.
Mm. Yeah.
I can really feel
Cotton's love right now.
Cotton didn't run away from you,
and neither did your father.
You know what? Dad left
because of someone, Mom.
Maybe it was because of me.
Or maybe it was because of you.
Maybe... I don't know.
Maybe it was just everything.
[ Dishes clatter,
water running ]
[ Cellphone buzzes ]
COTTON: No dickhead answers.
Tell the truth. What is it?
Your deepest, innermost desires.
Center Court, you're up.
I'm still on
the wait list at U.O.
My deepest desire is that
I get the letter that I'm in.
[ Fire crackling,
indistinct chatter ]
[ Dance music playing ]
Oh, some pot would really kick
this in to Gunga Din.
Do you have any?
No.
But I bet I could get some.
ROB: What's Gunga Din?
I don't know.
Some, like, weed guy.
Full Court press.
[ Indistinct talking ]
Oh, got a fucking dent.
[ Laughs ]
You're so fucked. I got to go.
Okay.
- Courtney?
- [ Squeals, laughs ]
- Cotton!
- Where are Robbie and Z?
Do you have a lighter?
Mm. You know what?
I got something for you.
It's the pills you wanted.
Oh, why the fuck?!
Cotton!
COTTON: I thought
we were friends.
COURTNEY: What do...
Why would you do that?
ZOOZA: I can't
believe she did it.
I can't believe that this is
my fucking life right now.
What?
Look, Z, I didn't...
think I was going to get in.
None of us did.
Well, this is what I said
to that thing.
She got that shit
at a yard sale.
COURTNEY: Yeah, I know,
I know, I know.
But, like, I didn't really
finish high school off
with a bang.
So I don't know,
maybe this is all part of it.
Cotton said a lot of
crazy shit, Court.
You're just the only one
dumb enough to believe it.
So then you meant what
you said then?
About your deepest desire?
Every fucking word.
[ Scoffs ]
COTTON: Don't you want to know?
We play this, and we know.
Huh?
[ Rattling ]
I'm filming, motherfucker.
Yeah.
COTTON: Court.
Court, listen.
Court.
Don't you remember?
Cotton?
[ Gasps ]
COTTON: Have your
friendships survived?
How could you?
[ Screams ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
What the fuck?
- [ Cellphone buzzes ]
- [ Gasps ]
COTTON: No dickhead answers.
Tell the truth.
What is it? Your deepest,
innermost desire?
Robbie, what about you?
I don't know if I should
say this one.
You can only have one.
It's your innermost desire.
You'll make fun of me.
- No, we won't.
- Yeah, we will.
- [ Laughs ]
- Yeah.
Okay. Okay.
Since you guys are my best
friends, I'm going to be honest.
COTTON: What?
[ Fire crackling,
indistinct talking ]
[ Dance music playing ]
[ Laughs ]
[ Heavy breathing ]
ZOOZA: Robbie.
ROB: Oh.
Did the fucking condom break?
What?
Get the fuck off of me.
ROB: Hey, Z, what...
Hey, Z!
We're still friends, right?
We can fix this.
ZOOZA: Are we. Really?
[ Engine starts ]
No. Hey, look. Z, our desires,
all right?
They're coming true,
all of them!
Z! Even yours!
Maybe this is the one, Z.
Version of reality
where we stay friends...
we stay friends.
COTTON: Tell the truth.
What is it?
[ Glass clinking ]
Robbie, what about you?
Cotton?
Robbie.
[ Breathing shakily ]
What the fuck?
Have your friendships survived?
The game?
You're all going to fail.
[ Gasps ]
The game.
[ Typing ]
[ Click ]
[ Static crackles ]
COTTON: Kyle.
[ Static crackling ]
Do you want to play
a game with me?
[ Crackling ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
This.
You've seen some things
you shouldn't have...
you shouldn't have.
[ Screeching ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Static crackling ]
[ Birds chirping ]
[ Knocking ]
- Big date tonight?
- Yeah, something like that.
Thank you so much, Susan.
I know things didn't exactly go
great the last time you sat.
Yeah, I have the police
on quick dial now.
WOMAN: Is quick dial an app,
or is that just
something you made up?
Uh, it's an app, I think.
I don't know. I don't have it.
Well, he's really into
computers these days.
I know he's a little bit past
baby sitting, but I...
I just need somebody
to watch him.
For pizza.
There's an extra $20 in it
for you if you can get him
to clean his room up.
Thank you again, Susan.
You really saved my ass tonight.
Well, guy sees you tonight
in that dress, it's his ass
that's gonna need saving.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Door opens, closes ]
MAN: Sure as hell's
not alone.
I'm gonna see if
he stole another car.
[ Doorbell rings ]
Hey!
Hey.
What the hell?
Look, I brought it, Z.
It?
The thing Cotton had.
Friendship game.
[ Sighs ]
So how'd you get it?
[ Door closes ]
You stole it.
Well, I had to.
Look, our deepest desires,
the things we
told it, everything,
they're happening.
COURTNEY: It's true, Z.
I mean, I had a 2.6
last semester.
How the hell did
that put me through?
ROB: Mine too.
For the good or bad of it.
Okay.
So, what now?
I don't get it.
What, we get as many desires
as we can think of?
Well, she said we had to tell
it the truth, remember?
Our deepest, innermost desire.
So if it changes,
we can play again, right?
I don't think
that makes any sense.
Well if it doesn't work,
we tried.
Look, do you guys
want to know or not?
Okay, our fingers.
I'll go first.
I want to know what happened
to Cotton.
I want to know
what happened to Cotton.
I want to know what happened
to Cotton.
[ Scoffs ]
Just like life,
you only get to play once.
Hey.
You hear it?
[ Rumbling ]
It's vibrating.
Did it do that before?
Didn't do anything before,
did it?
[ Slices ]
- [ Gasps ]
- Oh, geez.
That thing fuckin' bit me.
[ Laughs ] Shit. No.
I can't do this, you guys.
I told you that we shouldn't be
playing with that thing.
[ Static crackles ]
You think that's a good idea?
Why the fuck did we do that?
To find out
what happened to her.
[ Water running, scrubbing ]
[ Creaking ]
Alright, so Cotton
said it was a test.
And you've seen how Zooza's
been acting lately.
COURTNEY: Yeah,
she doesn't give a shit.
Her desire, Court, what she said
when we first play the game.
ZOOZA: Hey.
I do give a shit.
It's you guys who are leaving.
I'm the only one who didn't
give up on this friendship.
Fuck this. I'm over it.
This game,
you guys, I'm going home.
Hey, Court, just wait.
If your friendships
don't survive the game,
then neither to you.
That's what Cotton said.
That was the rule, right?
And that thing showed us
what it's like
if our desires become real
and look at us.
Are we really going
to give up on Cotton?
COURTNEY: How are you supposed
to stay friends
if we don't even know
where she is?
[ Cellphone rings ]
What the hell is this?
[ Cellphones buzz ]
COURTNEY: Connecting?
All we have to do
is put our fingertips on it
and share our deepest,
innermost desires.
COURTNEY: Is it bad that
my deepest, innermost desire
is not to do that?
- This is Cotton's web cam.
- ZOOZA: So, we still got to
like each other after hearing
our deepest desire?
- COTTON: Exactly.
- I don't like this.
Shut the fuck up, Court.
- Your turn.
- I'm still on the wait list
at U.O.
My deepest desire is that
I get the letter that I'm in.
COTTON: Robbie, what about you?
ROBBIE: I don't know
if I should say this one.
COTTON: You can only have one.
- It's your innermost desire.
- You'll make fun of me.
- No, we will never.
- Yeah, we will.
- [ Laughter ]
- Yeah.
ROB: Okay.
My deepest desire...
...is that I really want
to be good at sex.
[ Laughter ]
Jesus, Robbie going full dude.
Fuck.
Yes, okay? There, I said it.
Are you happy?
COURTNEY: I don't know if happy
is how I'd describe it.
What about you, Z?
Your deepest, innermost desire.
Deepest desire?
You guys leaving is going
to break my heart.
I just hope that when you do,
I don't give a shit anymore.
What the fuck is this?
Connecting? From where?
Uh, it's not a text.
Maybe an air drop?
COURTNEY: From the game?
It has fucking wi-fi?
The kid.
The... we asked the game
what happened to Cotton.
Maybe it's trying to show us
where to find her.
The fuckin' computer weirdo?
He was recording us?
Maybe. I don't know.
He's...
He's been suspended for that
kind of shit before.
Okay, if he was recording
Cotton's room...
What else has he seen up there?
If I can bring him downstairs
and distract him,
can you go up there
and look on his computer?
[ Knocking ]
[ Typing ]
ZOOZA: Kyle?
Can I come in?
[ Typing ]
[ Typing continues ]
My old man was really
into Italian horror.
He's dead now.
Well, dead drunk somewhere,
probably.
My dad's dead, too.
Really dead.
Yeah. I know.
People know.
Every family
is massively fucked up.
[ Typing ]
Oh, "Bag of Guts."
You know, you're not old enough
to know what a VHS tape
is, right?
[ Typing ]
Neither am I.
Hey. Do you want
to watch this tonight?
[ Dramatic music playing ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Slashing ]
Uh, unh-unh. No.
I can't do this.
This... watching this
is making me physically ill.
I'm going to raid
the liquor cabinet in protest.
Hey. Hey.
Coward.
[ Dramatic music playing ]
[ Laughs ]
Waste of a beautiful stomach.
[ Indistinct talking on TV ]
[ Door creaks ]
[ Rob sighs ]
[ Gasps ]
ROB: Whoa.
[ Clicks ]
Holy shit.
KYLE: She was one
of my favorites, too.
Jesus, kid!
You know this is
fucked up, right?
Like pervert juvie hall
fucked up.
Do you know who this was?
This guy?
Do you have any other
videos of her with him?
MAN: Okay, Kurt, let's hear it.
[ Indistinct talking on TV ]
It's very strange.
What else?
Hey.
MAN: It's like I...
You see that?
MAN: It's become a child.
There.
Just a child.
There's something
so private about her.
Yeah, she's always
been like that.
From when we were kids.
Wait. That's...
But I...
We never...
Did we?
MAN:
It all disappears, vanishes.
[ Static crackles ]
MAN: Okay, nothing, George.
Are you looking at...
Crystals maybe, or magnets.
I can't figure out
how it does it.
ZOOZA: What is it doing?
MAN: At other times, it's...
Hey, are you all right?
Hey, what happened?
Robbie? You okay?
I don't know.
What did you find up there?
On the computer?
ROB: Z, do you remember
the party?
I never saw Cotton
before she disappeared.
But...
I didn't tell you.
It was us, Z.
What do you mean? What was us?
It was because of us.
Because of us that she ran away.
It was Cotton that
walked out on us.
[ Inaudible dialogue ]
ZOOZA: What?
You guys were like
sleeping together?
Do you ever feel like
it's not you?
Who's done the things
you've done?
Not you who lived them.
You're scaring me, Robbie.
Don't fucking call me Robbie!
[ Rumbling ]
[ Sniffles ]
[ Breathing deeply ]
COTTON: How could you?
[ Courtney screams ]
ZOOZA: Court?
- [ Gasps ]
- Hey. Hey.
You're okay. You're okay.
Hey. Hey.
I saw something.
In the mirror.
[ Whimpers ]
What?
Don't ask me.
Fuckin'... get the fuck out.
You're okay, baby-bot.
Zooza.
Remember when I was the only one
that used to call you that?
Yeah.
For like two years.
And Cotton caught on
pretty quick.
Robbie, though...
You slept with him, didn't you?
[ Courtney chuckles ]
COURTNEY: Kind of started at
the end at the party.
It just... it felt like you guys
were ignoring me.
But then later
I was talking to him and...
he starts saying all this shit
about like infinite universes
and just how like lucky we are
to have each other.
And it was like... it was him,
but less familiar.
Maybe this is the one universe
where we stay friends forever.
[ Scoffs ] He used
the same line on you?
Guess we're both fucking idiots.
Yeah!
[ Laughs ]
God, I want to hate him
so fuckin' bad right now.
[ Floorboards creaking ]
[ Static buzzing ]
[ Static humming loudly ]
[ Clicks ]
Hey, kid.
What are you doing out here?
You okay?
Cotton?
[ Panting ]
Oh, my God!
Did you do this?!
If this is a test,
we're failing it.
[ Rob panting ]
ROB: No, no.
[ Grunts ]
Court! Zooza!
Zooza! Court!
I still love you, though.
[ Sniffles ]
Love you, too, Z.
ZOOZA: I still love you, though.
COURTNEY: Love you, too, Z.
Rob?
I need a drink.
Where do you think Robbie went?
[ Glasses clink ]
Robbie?
[ Grunts ]
[ Groans ]
[ Rattling ]
[ Static ]
VOICE: Court...
[ Whoosh ]
COTTON: Tell the truth,
or it's not going to work.
We play this, and we know.
We know we'll be friends
forever, no matter what.
What about you, Z?
ZOOZA: I want to know what
happened to Cotton.
ROB AND COURTNEY: I want to know
what happened to Cotton.
[ Dance music playing ]
[ Indistinct shouting ]
[ Sniffs ]
[ Coughs, vomits ]
[ Sniffles, groans ]
I fucking threw up.
[ Chuckles ]
I'm leaving.
You just got here.
- We drank you vodka...
- I'm leaving.
And not just the party, Zooza.
My car is packed.
I'm leaving now.
Okay.
- I'll go with you.
- No.
You're not invited.
We always talked about going,
all of us.
I saw you with him, Susan.
Susan?
Hello?
COTTON: Court?
Court, listen.
This already happened.
Cotton, where are you?
Don't you remember?
Thanks for getting
the pills from me.
I took them all, Court.
[ Clicks ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Groans ]
[ Whimpering ]
I didn't...
I... I...
I didn't.
Thank you, Rob.
[ Sobbing ]
My baby Robbie boy.
I liked you.
It tested all of us.
And we failed.
I want to go, and I don't
want you to come. No.
- Why?
- Because you're my friend!
I don't like you.
No one does.
There's a reason
your fucking dad left.
No, no, no, no.
I'm really sorry.
Oh, God! No, Cotton!
You'll always be
my best friend, Court.
My dad left because of him.
His own shit.
You want to leave me alone, too,
now, Cotton, that's on you.
You always do this.
If it's not someone else,
your dad, your mom,
the world, me.
It's on you, Z. You did this.
[ Sobbing ]
We never should have
played that game, Robbie.
[ Sobbing ]
Every version of this
ends with me dead.
[ Grunts ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
Oh, God. Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
ROB: Maybe this is the one.
[ Gasps ]
Version of reality where
we stay friends.
[ Rumbling ]
[ Knife plunges ]
[ Squishing ]
[ Static ]
[ Rattling ]
VOICE: You asked
us what happened to her.
But that didn't happen.
Cotton's my friend.
VOICE: Is she?
That wasn't my cotton.
VOICE: We tested you,
and you failed.
You failed.
[ Gasps ]
Remember your
deepest desire, Susan.
Do you care about it more than
you do about your friends?
[ Sobbing ]
Oh, my God.
[ Pounding ]
Oh, my God. Robbie.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God, Robbie,
are you okay?
Who's blood is this?
[ Knife plunges ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Thuds ]
KYLE: None of your friends
survive the game.
ZOOZA: Courtney?
[ Rattling ]
[ Groans ]
[ Squelching ]
[ Static ]
[ Gasps ]
Ah!
[ Rattling ]
[ Gasps ]
We're coming, Zooza.
[ Groans ]
[ Gasps ]
No, no, no!
No! No!
[ Gasps ]
Robbie, stop! You can't do this!
Robbie, we're best friends.
We're best friends...
best friends...
COTTON: What about you, Z?
Cotton?
Tell the truth.
You did this.
Your deepest, innermost desire.
[ Footsteps ]
Have your friendships survived?
I thought you left me.
Like my dad did.
I hated him for that.
I don't hate you, Cotton.
I never will.
No matter what.
You let me down.
I know.
I'm sorry.
[ Screaming ]
[ Rumbling ]
[ Static ]
[ Soft growling ]
[ Birds chirping ]
[ Indistinct chatter ]
MAN: Oh, yeah.
WOMAN: Do you know
who your friends are?
What?
WOMAN: It's a game.
A friendship game.
It tests your friendship.
If your friendships
don't survive it,
neither do you.
[ Chuckles ]
What is that thing?
A game.
It tests your friendships.
You play it with your friends,
your true friends.
[ Laughs ]
Does this look like
it needs testing?
Come on, true friend.
There's a flee market
at the church.
[ Laughing ]
- I want a go-Gurt.
- A go-Gurt.
- Shotgun.
- No, no, no!
Oh! Ah! Ah!
[ Laughing ]
What is it?
Z, what's your deepest desire?
What?
Something that you want.
Or want to change
about yourself.
A dream that you wish were true.
Your deepest, innermost desire.
I don't know.
My wish already came true.
I just want to be
with my friends.
- Oh!
- Gorgonzola.
ROB: Dot net.
[ Static ]
♪ Stay forever ♪
♪ Oh, you were
chained to a dream ♪
♪ You're my easy nothing ♪
It's a friendship game.
What?
You play it with your friends.
Your true friends.
What is it?
Friendship game.
What's a friendship game?
You you each put your
fingertips on it
and share your deepest,
innermost desire.
If your friendship
survives that,
then you know you
will be friends forever.
$10.
♪♪